# Lab 15: Using Copilot for Finance in Outlook

## Task 1: Install the Copilot for Finance for Outlook add-in from the Microsoft 365 admin center

To install the Copilot for Finance for Outlook add-in from the Microsoft
365 admin center, follow these steps.

1.  Sign in to the Microsoft 365 admin center with the given
    link [**https://admin.microsoft.com/**](urn:gd:lg:a:send-vm-keys).

2.  In the left pane, select **Settings** \> **Integrated apps**.

![](./media/image1.png)

3.  On the **Integrated apps** page, select **Get Apps**.

![](./media/image2.png)

4.  In the AppSource window, search for **Copilot for Finance**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image3.png)

5.  In the search results, select **Copilot for Finance for Outlook**,
    and then select **Get it now**.

![](./media/image4.png)

6.  Click on **Get it now** on Confirm to continue window.

![A screenshot of a computer error message Description automatically
generated](./media/image5.png)

7.  In the **Users** step, select **Entire organization** under Assign
    users then select **Next**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image6.png)

8.  In the **Deployment (Permissions)** step, review the app permissions
    and capabilities in connection with Copilot for Finance,
    select **Accept permissions**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image7.png)

9.  When you see that permissions are accepted then select **Next**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image8.png)

10. In the **Deployment (Finish)** step, review the selected settings,
    and then select **Finish deployment**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image9.png)

11. When the deployment is completed, select **Done**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image10.png)

**Task 2: Generating email summary in Demo mode, viewing contact details
and adding notes**

1.  Now, Go to Outlook, open any mail, click on **Apps** and then click
    on **Add apps**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image11.png)

2.  In the search bar, type **Copilot for Finance** and then select it
    from the Apps list.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image12.png)

3.  Select **Add**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image13.png)

4.  Click on Got it to start using Copilot for Finance.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image14.png)

5.  Now open Outlook and go to the email that you want to analyze. On
    the top menu for the selected email, select **All Apps**. Select
    the **Copilot for Finance** app.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image15.png)

6.  On the **Welcome** page, select **Try demo mode**.

![A screen shot of an email Description automatically
generated](./media/image16.png)

7.  Click on **Next** on the pop-up window of 'Stay in the flow of your
    work'. Click on Next till you get Try now button.

![A screenshot of a phone Description automatically
generated](./media/image17.png)

8.  When you see **Try now** button, click on that.

![A screen shot of a phone Description automatically
generated](./media/image18.png)

9.  You can see email summary.

![A screenshot of a email Description automatically
generated](./media/image19.png)

10. If you want suggestions to reply the email, click on **Suggest a
    reply**. To save, regenerate or copy the email summary, click on 3
    dots (**...**) next to Suggest a reply.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image20.png)

11. You can also see the customers and contacts saved in your ERP.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image21.png)

12. Click on the customer name **Fabrikam**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image22.png)

13. You can see the customer details, outstanding invoices and related
    activities.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image23.png)

14. Click on the **back arrow** to come back to the home screen of
    Copilot for Finance.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image24.png)

15. Now scroll down and select **New note** under Notes section at the
    end.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image25.png)

16. You can save the note by selecting the customer that you want to
    associate the note with.
