# Lab 13: Creating AI-Assisted customer journey with Copilot in Customer Insights - Journeys

Exercise 1: Using the journey copilot

Now, let's imagine you want to create a welcome journey for people who
recently joined your program. To create a journey with Copilot,

1.  Navigate to the **Customer Insights - Journeys** portal.

2.  Select the **Journey** tab under **Engagement**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image1.png)

3.  Then select **New Journey**, which opens the journey copilot window.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image2.png)

4.  Enter "[**Create a journey that will send a welcome email to all
    customers that are part of the MySegment segment. After two days,
    send them an exclusive offer email.**](urn:gd:lg:a:send-vm-keys)"
    And then select **Send** icon.

![A screenshot of a email Description automatically
generated](./media/image3.png)

5.  Copilot processes the prompt and asks to select Segment. To create a
    segment, click on the field given to enter the segment name and then
    select **+ New** **Segment**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image4.png)

6.  Name the segment as **MySegment** and select **Contact** a target
    audience.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image5.png)

7.  Select **Save**. If this gives you error, ignore it and go to next
    step without saving.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image6.png)

8.  Under Elements pane, select more options ( 3 dots)next to segments
    and then select **Include Contacts.**

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image7.png)

9.  Click on the **first contact** under the Include member panel and
    you can see the contact is added on the left side under Include
    contacts.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image8.png)

10. Select **Save** and then select **Ready to use**. Close the
    MySegment pane.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image9.png)

11. Now again execute the New Journey creating step, enter the previous
    prompt. It automatically detected segment and each subsequent step
    clearly.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image10.png)

12. Once you're satisfied with the suggested journey, select **Create
    journey** and the journey will be automatically created for you. You
    can use the icon for **thumbs up** and **thumbs down** on the right
    side to provide feedback on the copilot and help it improve over
    time.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image11.png)

13. Select MySegment step. Select the frequency as **one time journey
    with static audience** and select the **future time** for the start
    time journey.

![Screens screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image12.png)

14. Click in the field of **Select email** and then select **+New
    email** and then execute the following substeps.

![A screenshot of a email Description automatically
generated](./media/image13.png)

> a\. Select **Skip** on Email templates page.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image14.png)

> b\. Add subject as ‘**Testing**’ and then select **Save** and
> then **Ready to send**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image15.png)

> c\. Close the Email panel.

![A screenshot of a email Description automatically
generated](./media/image16.png)

> d\. You can see that **Email1** is now added to **Select
> email** field. Under the **Send to** field select **Email**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image17.png)

15. Select **Email1** for **Select email** field. Under the **Send
    to** field select **Email**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image18.png)

16. Select **Save**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image19.png)

17. Select **Publish**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image20.png)
