# Lab 14: Configuring and using Copilot in Dynamics 365 Business Central

## Exercise 1: Signing up for the trial

1.  Go
    to [**https://dynamics.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics-365-free-trial/**](urn:gd:lg:a:send-vm-keys) choose *Finance
    and operations*, and then, on the **Dynamics 365 Business
    Central** card, choose the **Try for free** button.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image1.png)

2.  Enter your Office 365 tenant credentials and then select **Next**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image2.png)

3.  Select **Sign in**.

![A close-up of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image3.png)

4.  If asked, enter your password, and then select **Sign in**.

![A screenshot of a login page Description automatically
generated](./media/image4.png)

5.  Select **Yes** on Stay signed in? window.

![A screenshot of a computer error Description automatically
generated](./media/image5.png)

6.  Enter **Country or region** – **United Sates**, enter your phone
    number and then select **Get Started**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image6.png)

7.  Select **Skip & go to Dynamics 365 Business Central**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image7.png)

8.  Select **Get Started**.

![A close-up of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image8.png)

9.  Select **Skip survey**.

![](./media/image9.png)

10. You will be directed to the **Dynamics 365 Business Central home
    page**.

![](./media/image10.png)

## Exercise 2: Configuring and using Copilot and AI capabilities

### **Task 1: Configuring and using Copilot and AI capabilities**

1.  In Business Central, select **Search icon** at top right then search
    for and open the **Copilot & AI Capabilities** page.

![](./media/image11.png)

2.  Note that, this step applies only if the **Allow data
    movement** switch appears near the top of the **Copilot & AI
    Capabilities** page. Turn on the **Allow data movement** switch.

![](./media/image12.png)

3.  The page lists all available Copilot and AI related features and
    their current status, which can be either active or inactive. The
    features are divided into two sections---one section for features in
    preview and another for features that are generally available.

You can see the status as 'Active' as Copilot is already activated for
the features. If not, to turn on a feature, select it in the list, then
select the **Activate** action.

![](./media/image13.png)

## Task 2: Adding marketing text to items

1.  In Business Central, the upper-right corner, click on the search
    icon, enter Items, and then choose the related link to show a list
    of available items.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image14.png)

2.  Click on the first item -- **ATHENS Desk**.

![](./media/image15.png)

3.  In the **Marketing Text** pane in the FactBox on the right side of
    the page, select **Draft with Copilot**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image16.png)

4.  Copilot starts to draft the marketing text.

![](./media/image17.png)

5.  When Copilot completes the draft, the text appears in the Copilot
    editor window for you to review and edit.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image18.png)

### Task 3: Review, edit, and save text

Once you have the first draft, you must review it and make changes to
the text to get it ready for publishing. This work is done from the
Copilot editor, which lets you get more suggestions, change preferences
to influence the suggestions, and manually make changes and style the
text.

1.  Make changes to text directly in the text box. Use the tool bar
    along the bottom of the box to format and style text, add links, and
    more. For example, select the heading and make it bold.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image19.png)

2.  To get a new suggestion, select **Regenerate**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image20.png)

**Note:** If you're not satisfied with the suggestions, enhance the text
suggestions using the **Tone**, **Format**, and **Emphasis** preference
options.

3.  Carefully review the text for accuracy and appropriateness. To save
    the text, select **Keep it**.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image21.png)

4.  If you don't want to save, select the discard button (trash can).

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image22.png)

### Task 4: Reconciling bank accounts with Copilot (preview)

1.  Select the search icon that opens the Tell Me feature icon,
    enter [**Bank Account Reconciliations**](urn:gd:lg:a:send-vm-keys),
    and then choose the related link.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image23.png)

2.  Select and open an existing reconciliation from the list.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image24.png)

3.  In the **Bank Acc. Reconciliation** card, select **Reconcile with
    Copilot.**

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image25.png)

4.  Copilot starts generating proposed matches.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image26.png)

5.  When it's completed, the Reconcile with Copilot window opens the
    results of the matching process.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image27.png)

6.  Copilot provides you with the opportunity inspect the proposals and
    save or discard as you like.

![A screenshot of a computer Description automatically
generated](./media/image28.png)
